---
permalink: /Experience/
title: "Projects"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /md/
  - /markdown.html
---

**This page has not been completed yet**...

I'm trying, but life is hard sometimes...(e.g. playing splatoon!)

---



#### Coarse Graining method for IF network and spatially ordered network

IF neural network is a more bioloical neural network compared with the artificial neural network (ANN). It captures the key feature of neurons, namely spikes. However, it's really expansive to evolve this network because of the *curse of the dimensionality*. In ANN, the computation is quite fast, since the activation function is simple and the derivation is somehow trivial. In IF network however, we have to solve equation like this (the 2nd term in right hand side repersent the total input, both from the noise and other presynaptic neurons)

$$\frac{dV_i^Q}{dt} = -g_i(V_i^Q-V_L) + \sum_j\sum_k S^{QY}\delta(t - t_{jk}) $$

So it's there any better method to solve the IF network? Well, yes! Take a simple all-to-all connected network for example. We do not need to calculate every neuron's voltage in each time step. Instead, we look for the probility distribution function(PDF) of voltage, as well as the mean firing rate. So now we just need to solve this master equation:

$$\partial_t \rho^Q(v,t)=g_L\partial_v[(v-V_L)\rho^Q(v,t)]+\eta^Q[\rho^Q(v-S^{QY},t)-\rho^Q(v,t)]$$

To make it more clear, we transform this eq to the Fokker-Planck equation:

$$\partial_t \rho^Q(v,t)=g_L\partial_vJ^Q(\rho^Q(v,t))=0$$

Using boundary conditions, the firing rate of $\rho^Q(v,t)$ could be given by:

$$m^Q(v,t)=g_LJ^Q(\rho^Q(v,t)) = -\frac{g_L\sigma^2}{2}\partial_v \rho^Q(V_T, t)$$

But here we have to solve a PDE, which is hard too. So we try to transform into ODEs by introducing the moments

$$M^Q_j(t)=\int^{V_T}_{-\infty}v^j\rho^Q(v,t)dv$$

Then, the higher order moment could be calculated via lower order moments:

$$\frac{dM^Q_j(t)}{dt}=-m^Q(t)V_T^j-jg_L[M^Q_j-\mu^QM^Q_{j-1}-\frac{j-1}{2}(\sigma^Q)^2M^Q_{j-2}]$$

However, the evolve such ODEs with given initial conditions $M(t_0),m(t_0)$, we also need to compute $m(t)$ at each time step, which inquires computing $\rho(v,t)$. 

Instead of computing $\rho(v,t)$ directly (which needs solving PDE), we introduce maximum entropy method by approxiamting the $\rho(v,t)$ with the equilibruim solution $\rho_{eq}$

$$\rho_{eq}^Q=C\exp(-\frac{(v-\mu^Q)^2}{(\sigma^Q)^2})\int^{(V_T-\mu^Q)/\sigma^Q}_{(v-\mu^Q)/\sigma^Q}e^{s^2}ds$$

$$\rho_{me}(v)=\rho_{eq}(v)\exp(\sum_{j=0}^N\lambda_jv^j-1)$$

Above all, we could get the firing rate of a IF network with simply solving ODEs. This method is both fast and accurate...



#### More biological hippocampus model via cascade synapses

"Your past shapes your future". This most philosophical quote describes the importance of the hippocampus. Yet many myteries reamains in this old, palemammalian structure, place cells is one of the most attractive features in hippocampus. Place cells fires mostly when in a special position, which plays an important role in navigation. In this paper, Fusi et al. suggest the place cells are not just memory cells, instead, they might be the natrual result of learning if hippocampus could be considered as an auto-encoder(AE). However, the place cells generated by AE model have weak history effects, which means a memory will fade away quickly. 

This contradiction may be caused by the synapse model in AE, which is simple and has no memory effect. Thus, we introduce the cascade synapse model in this paper(Benna Fusi 2016), which is designed to avoid the *catastrophic forgetting*. And we could see when the cascade model is introducd, the model has strong histroy effect.



#### Molecular Interaction Network Model for STDP (Part of the Bachelor Degree Thesis)  

Spike Timing Dependent Plasticity (STDP) is believed to be a general rule in learning in brain. Basically, *neurons fire together, wire together*. The change of synaptic weight is related to the time interval between pre and post synaptic spikes. However, it remains to be unclear how neurons can generate such behavior. Since all the biological behavior could be thought as a combination of chemical reaction, here, we try to model this phenomenon from the point of molecular interaction. 

Most chemical reaction in orgnism is enzyme catalysis, thus we kinetic equation could be written in a rather simple form. For example:

$$V_0 = V_{max}\frac{[S]}{K_M + [S]}$$

An important signal pathway in STDP is CaMKII pathway, where $Ca^{2+}$ play a role as signal molecular. The whole interaction network is given below, and we use kinetic equations to get the concentration(or activity) or molecular in this reaction. As a result,  we could find there is 'bistable' in such a system. The strength of the inputs determined the whether the CaMKII is activated or not.



#### Anti-bactrier materials

Well, this project is about chemistry and materials (which means 'cooking'). So I'll talk about them later...



