---
title: 'A few updates'
date: 2022-04-11
permalink: /posts/2022/19/blog_19_update/
tags:
  - jotting

---

---

---



> I'm back!!!

It has been a really long time since my last updating(at least for me). The sad fact is I have a difficult time last semester. I'm not an outgoing guy so I prefer to talk less during the down period, which explains why I didn't post any blog last semester. But anyway, everything goes back to the track now and I'm reborn. So I'll wirte some new blogs in the near future. Here is the overview. And yes, some of the new blogs will be written in English, you see, one can never improve his writing skills without enough practicing. 

1.  **我的大学(My College Life)** This one will be written in Chinese. The topic is my undergrad life in Wuhan University(it's an infamous college in China but suddenly everyone knows it since COVID...), containing several sublogs, like my freshman year, my junior year, my visiting experience in Columbia blabla... Sometimes it's important to look back to the journey you have travelled. And of course, I prefer to call the title as "**爷的带学**", an ironic way of speaking.
2. **One year's journey in pure math**  After graduting from WHU, I spent one year learning pure math in Columbia. It's quite embarrassing to admit but they are mainly basic undergrad courses, like real analysis, abstract algebra, basic manifold theory etc. Still, I'm happy doing math and it's much more attractive (also suffering) than I expected. So I'll conclude what I learned over this year. Hope that I can learn more math in the future.(I'm quite curious about algebric geometry now since everyone is talking about it)
3. **Travel to Oslo & Svalbard** I travelled to Oslo, Norway to visit my friend during my spring break. We also stayed in Longyearbyen, Svalbard for three days. Honestly speaking, it's a wonderful tour! Oslo is so different from New York (or maybe Scandinavia is so different from U.S). It's a delicate and peaceful small town with joyful people enjoying their life. As for Svalbard, I always wish to go there since I'm a little child. It's such a pleasure to see the dream comes true. And I have to give my thank to my dear friend. :)
4. **Octopath Travellers and Triangle Strategy** They are two games both with HD-2D style.  I love HD-2D, the art style is so charming and unique. I do enjoy my time during my play through. However, they are not perfect games and both have unneglectable flaws. Frankly speaking, Octo is stunning and make me give high expectation to Triangle Strategy, however, it turns out that TS is somehow disappointing... So I'll talk about them. And listen SE, HD-2D should be an advantage to make a master piece, not a gimmick to making money!
5. **The book I read 2021Fall-2022 Spring** (written in Chinese)This one should be easy since I didn't read many books this year lol.

So that's it. Hope that I won't forget updating new blogs. Cheers!



